[WIP] [Doc Update] CAGRA Memory Footprint (#1300)
rapidsai/cuvs: docs/source/indexes/cagra.rst

The 3 hyper-parameters that are most often tuned are `graph_degree`, `intermediate_graph_degree`, and `itopk_size`.

Memory footprint
================

> CAGRA builds a nearest-neighbor graph(neighbor IDs) that ultimately ends up on the host while it needs to keep the original dataset(raw vectors) around (can be on host or device)

Reviewer: Small improvement here- can we maybe mention briefly that "keeping the dataset around" can be optional when immediately converting CAGRA to a CPU-based format like HNSW for search?

Baseline Memory Footprint

> --------------

Reviewer: These bars need to be as long as the text in their corresponding heading.

> .. math::

Reviewer: Before we merge this- just want to veirfy that you did build the docs locally and checked that the math looks as expected?

The 3 hyper-parameters that are most often tuned are `graph_degree`, `intermediate_graph_degree`, and `itopk_size`.

Memory footprint
================

> CAGRA stores the dataset (raw vectors) and nearest-neighbor graph (neighbor IDs) in memory.

Reviewer: What memory? This rewrite of the sentence adds some good additional details but seems to have lost some important information.

> The dataset can be on **host or device**; the graph is **pinned to host memory**.

Reviewer: Help me understand this a bit- why is this saying the graph is in pinned host memory? I don't see indication in the code that this is true.

Baseline Memory Footprint
--------------

These are the steady-state sizes of the stored data structures.

.. math::

   \text{dataset\_size}
   \;=\;
   \text{number\_vectors} \times \text{vector\_dimension} \times \text{bytes\_per\_dimension}

.. math::

   \text{graph\_size (host)}
   \;=\;
   \text{number\_vectors} \times \text{graph\_degree} \times \operatorname{sizeof}\!\big(\mathrm{IdxT}\big)

**Example** (1,000,000 vectors, dim = 1024, fp32, graph\_degree = 64, IdxT = int32):

- dataset\_size = 4,096,000,000 B = **3906.25 MiB**
- graph\_size   = 256,000,000 B = **244.14 MiB**

Build peak memory usage
-----------------------

Index build has two phases: (1) construct an intermediate graph, then (2) optimize it (prune/reorder).

> The initial graph can be built with IVF-PQ (supports out-of-core, so datasets larger than GPU memory can be streamed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial knn graph can be built with IVF-PQ or nn-descent. IVF-PQ has the additional benefit that it supports out-of-core construction, allowing CAGRA to be trained on datasets larger than available GPU memory.
```

or NN-descent. The steps below are sequential with distinct peak memory consumption. The overall peak memory utilization depends on the configured memory resource.

Out-of-core IVF-PQ

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: This line needs to be the same size as the text above it.

> **IVF-PQ Build (centroid training)** — uses a training subset to compute cluster centroids and assignments.

Reviewer: Maybe briefly summarize the way these steps are used together to scale the construction of the knn graph? Another thing we can (and should) add is the use of the all-neighbors graph API to construct the KNN graph in a super scalable way and then calling `cagra::optimize()` on the knn graph to yield the final CAGRA graph. That should require only a few lines of code and would allow a cagra graph to be built super fast. Further, we should update this to include enabling the new ACE algorithm. Not sure if we should include the CAGRA iterative build yet, as that hasn't been deep tested quite yet.
